Move replicas to KubernetesResource from eventlistener spec (#1021)
tektoncd/triggers: docs/eventlisteners.md

With the help of `kubernetesResource` user can specify [PodTemplateSpec](https://github.com/kubernetes/api/blob/master/core/v1/types.go#L3704).

##### Replicas

> The `replicas` field is optional. By default, the number of replicas of EventListener is 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `replicas` field is optional. By default, the number of replicas for the EventListener is 1.
```

> If you want to deploy more than one pod, you can specify the number to `replicas` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy more than one pod, you can specify the amount with the `replicas` field.
```

Author: Updated

> **Note:** If user sets `replicas` field while creating/updating eventlistener yaml then it won't respects replicas values edited by user manually on deployment or through any other mechanism (ex: HPA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If the user sets the `replicas` field while creating/updating the eventlistener yaml then it won't respect the replicas value edited by the user manually on deployment or through any other mechanism (ex: HPA).
```
